10 domain limit for saml sso (#6244)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/configure-saml-authentication.md

  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-saml-sso.html
applies_to:
  deployment:

>     ech: ga

Reviewer: Hmmm, seems like it still has this outdated.

* You must have a SAML 2.0 compatible identity provider.

## Limitations, risks, and considerations [ec_risks_and_considerations]

Before you configure SAML SSO, familiarize yourself with the following limitations, risks, and considerations:

> * You can only claim a maximum of ten domains for your organization.

Author: ```suggestion
* You can claim a maximum of ten domains for your organization, including subdomains.
```

Before you can register and use your IdP with {{ecloud}}, you must claim one or more domains. Only users that have email addresses that match claimed domains can authenticate with your IdP.

> If the members of your {{ecloud}} organization have email addresses from multiple domains, you can claim multiple domains. You can claim up to ten domains.

Author: ```suggestion
If the members of your {{ecloud}} organization have email addresses from multiple domains, you can claim multiple domains. You can claim up to ten domains, including subdomains.
```
